Revamp Snowflake dest docs [DOC-910] (#6531)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/snowflake/index.md

- [CREATE WAREHOUSE](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-warehouse#access-control-requirements){:target="_blank"}: Used to create a Segment-specific virtual warehouses
- [CREATE DATABASE](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-database#access-control-requirements){:target="_blank"}: Used to create a Segment-specific database
- [CREATE ROLE](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-role#access-control-requirements){:target="_blank"}: Used to create the role that the Segment user assumes in your Snowflake instance
- [CREATE USER](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-user#access-control-requirements){:target="_blank"}: Used to create the Segment user in your Snowflake instance

To set up the Snowflake storage destination in Segment, you must have either a [role in the Segment app](/docs/segment-app/iam/roles/) of _Workspace Owner_ or, for Business Tier users, _Warehouse Destination Admin_. 

### Step 1: Create a virtual warehouse

Segment's Snowflake destination requires you to first create a Snowflake [virtual warehouse](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses){:target="_blank"}. 

> To avoid conflicts with other operations in your cluster, Segment recommends that you create a new warehouse just for Segment loads, but this is not mandatory. An X-Small warehouse works for most Segment customers when they first create their Snowflake destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid conflicts with other operations in your cluster, Segment recommends that you create a new warehouse just for Segment loads. An x-small warehouse is large enough for most Segment customers when they first create their Snowflake destination.
```

Author: X-Small is a proper noun when talking about Snowflake warehouse sizes: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview

But yeah point taken about the rest of those sentences

    AUTO_RESUME = TRUE;
```

> success ""
> Set `AUTO_SUSPEND` to ~10 minutes in the UI (or 600 if using SQL) and enable `AUTO_RESUME` to avoid extra costs, as Snowflake uses [per-second billing](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#automating-warehouse-suspension){:target="_blank"}. 

> ### Step 2: Create Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Create a database
```

Segment recommends creating a new database just for Segment information, as the Segment Snowflake destination creates its own schemas and tables and could create name conflicts with your existing data.

To create a new database, execute the following SQL command:

```sql
CREATE DATABASE "SEGMENT_EVENTS";
```

> ### Step 3: Create role for Segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Create a role for Segment
```

> You need to run these SQL commands rather than creating a role with the "Create Role" dialog in the Classic Console UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run these SQL commands rather than creating a role with the "Create Role" dialog in the Classic Console UI.
```

Reviewer: do we need the 'rather than..."?

Author: I would say so! 

We provide the SQL instructions for a lot of these steps, but there are UI elements someone could use to do all of these steps instead if they chose to do that. Not sure exactly why this step needs to be done using SQL, but I think we should call out that users need to do it in SQL and not the UI just as a CYA measure

Reviewer: ok sounds good!

This role gives Segment just enough permission to load data into your database. Segment recommends that you don't reuse this role for other operations.
1. Click on **Worksheets**
2. Select SEGMENT_EVENTS under database objects

> 3. Change role to `ACCOUNTADMIN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change the role to `ACCOUNTADMIN`
```

4. Create a new role by executing the following command:
```sql
CREATE ROLE "SEGMENT";
```

5. Grant access to the virtual warehouse by executing the following SQL command:
```sql
GRANT USAGE ON WAREHOUSE "SEGMENT_WAREHOUSE" TO ROLE "SEGMENT";
```

6. Grant access to the database by executing the following SQL command:
```sql
GRANT USAGE ON DATABASE "SEGMENT_EVENTS" TO ROLE "SEGMENT";
GRANT CREATE SCHEMA ON DATABASE "SEGMENT_EVENTS" TO ROLE "SEGMENT";
```

> ### Step 4: Create user for Segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Create a user for Segment
```

> You need to create the user that Segment uses to connect to your warehouse. Be sure to use a strong, unique password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the user that Segment uses to connect to your warehouse. Be sure to use a strong, unique password.
```

GRANT ROLE "SEGMENT" TO USER "SEGMENT_USER";
```

### Step 5: Test the user and credentials

Before you continue, test and validate the new user and credentials. When you can run the following commands successfully, you can connect Snowflake to Segment.

Segment uses [SnowSQL](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/snowsql){:target="_blank"} to run these verification steps.
To install SnowSQL and verify your accounts:

1. Download [SnowSQL](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/snowsql){:target="_blank"}
2. Open the Installer and follow instructions

> 3. Once the installation is complete, run the following command, replacing "account" and "user" with your Snowflake Account ID and username:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When the installation is complete, run the following command, replacing "account" and "user" with your Snowflake Account ID and username:
```

USE DATABASE "SEGMENT_EVENTS";
```

### Step 6: Connect Snowflake to Segment

After configuring your Snowflake resources, connect them to Segment.

1. In the Segment App, select Add Destination.
2. Search for and select "Snowflake".
3. Add your credentials as follows:

>   - **User**: The user name that you created in [Step 4: Create user for Segment](#step-4-create-user-for-segment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **User**: The user name that you created in [Step 4: Create a user for Segment](#step-4-create-user-for-segment)
```

>   - **Password**: The password that you set in [Step 4: Create user for Segment](#step-4-create-user-for-segment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Password**: The password that you set in [Step 4: Create a user for Segment](#step-4-create-user-for-segment)
```

>   - **Account**: The account id of your cluster, not the url (for example, url: `my-business.snowflakecomputing.com`, account-id: `my-business`. **Note:** If you are using Snowflake on AWS, the account id includes the region. For example, your url might be: `my-business.us-east-1.snowflakecomputing.com/` and your account-id would be: `my-business.us-east-1`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Account**: The account id of your cluster, not the url (for example, url: `my-business.snowflakecomputing.com`, account-id: `my-business`. **Note:** If you are using Snowflake on AWS, the account id includes the region. For example, your url may be: `my-business.us-east-1.snowflakecomputing.com/` and your account-id would be: `my-business.us-east-1`)
```

Author: I think "might" is correct here. In the Segment Style Guide, we call out the [difference between might/may/can](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/blob/develop/styleguide.md#:~:text=Use%20might%20when,your%20marketing%20tools.%22): 
- Use **might** when something could possibly happen. For example, “Depending on your configuration, you might see different options.”
- Use **may** to grant a user permission to do something. For example, "You may add optional notes in this section."
- Use **can** to apply the ability to do something. For example, "You can use Personas to send data to your marketing tools."

If you create a network policy with Snowflake and are located in the US, add  `52.25.130.38/32` and `34.223.203.0/28` to the "Allowed IP Addresses" list.

If you create a network policy with Snowflake and are located in the EU, add `3.251.148.96/29` to your "Allowed IP Addresses" list.

### Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) & SSO

At this time, the Segment Snowflake destination is not compatible with Snowflake's MFA or SSO settings. If your connected user has MFA or SSO enabled, you will need to disable it for syncs to run correctly.

## Best Practices

### Auto Suspend and Auto Resume

Set `AUTO_SUSPEND` to ~10 minutes in the UI (or 600 if using SQL) to minimize the credit consumption of Segment's syncing process.

If you enable the `AUTO_SUSPEND` feature, Segment recommends that you also enable `AUTO-RESUME`. This will ensure that your Snowflake warehouse automatically resumes when Segment loads data. Otherwise, Segment will not be able to load data unless you [manually resume your Snowflake warehouse](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/user-guide/warehouses-considerations.html#automating-warehouse-resumption){:target="_blank"}.

### Unique Warehouse, Database, and Role

> Segment recommends creating a unique Warehouse, Database and Role for the Segment Snowflake connection to your Snowflake instance to avoid conflicts with other operations happening in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment recommends creating a unique Warehouse, Database, and Role for the Segment Snowflake connection to your Snowflake instance to avoid conflicts with other operations happening in your cluster.
```
